Vivian Tom

CISC 3140

Professor Chuang

December 5, 2019

HW 6

Reflection

On Monday November 11, 2019, I did my presentation on the history of
iPhones and the different specs that came with each generation of the
iPhone and how far the technology in iPhones have come since the very
first iPhone. In my opinion, there are many ways I could have improved
my own presentation and different ways to reorganize the structure of my
presentation. I believe that my presentation could have turned out
better if I had added more information about the topic and adding other
things.

If I had a chance in the future to redo this topic I would have prepared
differently in the future. In order to make the presentation more
interesting I would have rehearsed the presentation more and in front of
my friends or family to prevent getting nervous. I would also have made
a better outline of what I wanted to talk about in my slides because in
some slides I couldn't fit as much information as other slides. In terms
of reconstructing the order I used the slides I wouldn't reconstruct it.
It would be close to impossible for me to reconstruct the way I
explained the iPhones because I was going from the earliest iPhone up
until the most recent iPhone. If I were the reconstruct the order I
would end up with an out of order timeline for the iPhones. There are
many different kinds of enhancement I would have added if I had more
time to present. One enhancement I would have added would be adding more
videos to show because it was hard to find a short and compact video
that can both deliver a good amount of information while also being a
short video so it won't take up too much time. I would also have added a
video where someone actually compares how the very first iPhone looks
compared to the newest iPhone now to show everyone have far technology
in general has come. I would also try to include some more fun facts
about the iPhone because I found that there were a lot of interesting
fun facts about the iPhone that many people may not have known about.
Another thing I would have added if I had more time would be an iPhone
drop test to show the difference in durability the first iPhone was
compared to the newer iPhone.

Although I am very interested in my topic I believe I wouldn't go
somewhere else for a variety of reasons. One reason would be that it is
very nerve racking to even simply go up in front of an audience to
present and to try to give a flawless presentation. Another reason would
be that it is very time consuming to prepare for presentations when the
time can be used to learn another programming language or to brush up on
an old programming language that I might need to brush up on. Another
reason would be because my topic is something that people can look up
and easily learn from the internet compared to other people who had much
more complicated presentation topics. While looking at the feedback I
had noticed quite a few things. I noticed that people who had given me a
higher score would have more things to say and had nicer things to say
about the presentation compared to the people who had given me lower
scores. I also noticed there was one suggestion where I should talk
about the background of Apple and the founder which I agree. If I had
more time to present I would have added more information about how Apple
came to be and how the founder came to decide the name for iPhone. I
also saw a comment where it was a little hard to see the different specs
from the newer iPhones in recent years because of the video, so if I had
more time to do the presentation I would include the specs of the
iPhones in the slides rather than showing a video because it seemed like
the video wasn't very effective. I noticed that the people who gave
lower scores were much more critical compared to those who gave higher
scores.

Doing this presentation and receiving feedback has helped me a lot in
terms of gaining experience in presenting and reading feedback that will
help me improve in the way I will prepare for future presentations ahead
of me. I enjoyed being able to see how my classmates felt about my
presentation and all the things they learned. It makes me happy knowing
that they got something out of the presentation and will help me grow
into a better presenter.
