EVALUATIONS

CREATE TABLE EVALUATIONS(

Timestamp TEXT NOT NULL,

Presentation\_was\_well\_oragnized INT NOT NULL,

Speaker\_spoke\_clearly\_and\_was\_easy\_to\_understand INT NOT NULL,

Presenter\_was\_enthusiastic\_about\_the\_topic INT NOT NULL,

I\_learned\_something\_new\_today INT NOT NULL,

Learned\_new TEXT NOT NULL,

Worked\_well TEXT NOT NULL,

Improvements TEXT NOT NULL, Additional\_Comments text);

Timestamp,\"Presentation was well organized\",\"Speaker spoke clearly
and was easy to understand.\",\"Presenter was enthusiastic about the
topic.\",\"I learned something new today\",\"What was something new you
learned from this presentation that you didn\'t know before?\",\"What
worked well for the presentation/presenter?\",\"Suggestions for
improvement. What are some changes would you advise the presenter to
make their presentation more effective?\",

\"11/11/2019 14:40:13\",4,3,2,5,\"I learned about the history of the
iphone. The first iphone pricing and how the display overtime. Learned
about the modern upgrades the iphone has gone over time. Introduction to
the new technology and smaller bezels. \",\"She had a jam pack amount of
data in her presentaion and was well paced. She had clear presentation
that had a clear timeline and history. She included consistent data
deliver with her presentation .

\",\"She can talk to the audience, instead of talking from the slides.
She doesnt sound very interested in the topic. She talk clearer and not
have a monotone voice. She can be more relaxed and sound less like a
robot. \",

\"11/11/2019 14:43:52\",5,2,1,1,\"I did not learn anything new today.
Since a lot of people including myself follow the releases of the new
iPhones each year, it was something I knew already. She could've went in
depth about the tech behind the iPhones. \",\"The presentation was well
researched and seemed like she spent a lot of time on it. I liked how
she included all what she was talking about on the slides. It allowed me
to easily follow what she was talking about. \",\"I think she spent too
much time on the history of the iPhone. I did not really like the topic.
She should have spent more time on the technology advancements of the
iPhone and how their various technologies work behind the scenes. She
could also say what made each iPhone revolutionary at the time. \",

\"11/11/2019 15:15:15\",3,2,1,2,\"I sort of relearned a lot of technical
facts about the older iphones but most of the information was facts I
already knew because I used to research all the iphones a lot and
compare them so this presentation had a lot of known information for
me.\",\"Presenter included pictures of all the iphones so you could see
the gradual evolution from iphone to iphone. Also separated them into
generational categories showed how much iphones have evolved over the
years.\",\"Most of the facts about iphones are really technical and not
relevant such as the dimensions and the camera quality over and over
again. Technology naturally improves over time but focusing on the
software features would\'ve been more useful.\",

\"11/11/2019 14:42:19\",4,5,3,1,\"I didn\'t really learn anything. The
presentation had a lot of information but a lot of it was useless. I
would have liked to see more about the impact iPhones have had on the
technology industry rather than just the specs of each iPhone.\",\"She
did a lot of research on her topic. She talked loudly and clearly so
everybody could hear what she was talking about. Her presentation was
well organized and easy to look at. She had a lot of information on her
topic.\",\"There is way too much text on the slides. Presenters should
talk from knowledge rather than read from the slides. I would have liked
to see more about the impact iPhones have had on the technology industry
rather than just the specs of each iPhone.\",

\"11/11/2019 14:43:09\",5,5,5,5,\"I learned the history of iPhones. The
first iPhone came out in 2007 and Siri was introduced in 2011 with the
iPhone 4S. I also learned that apparently, Siri records and stores
everything that we say to her for up to 2 years. IPhones were also very
cheap in the first few years compared to now, it's almost 10 times its
price.\",\"

I like that her slides were very organized and were separated by the
different generations of iPhones. She included and compared the some
specs of each generation and explained what was improved with each
generation. She also included a video clip to summarize the newer
generations. I also liked that she included some fun facts about all
iPhone in general, for example apple sold over 1 billion phones.
\",\"Her presentation was very informative about the history and spec of
each generation and included a video at the end of the newer models.
However, I would suggest to explain the newer models because it was hard
to see the all of the information about them.\",

\"11/11/2019 14:43:28\",4,4,3,4,\"Iphone was released in 2007 ran on
iOS1. Iphone 3G was sold for \$199-\$299. Iphone 5 was the first to use
ultra-fast LTE. Siri data gets stored to apple. \",\"She explained the
difference between the different generations of the iPhone and had
pictures of each. The video was a nice touch but needed volume or for
her to explain more on what was happening. \",\"She seemed to know a lot
about iphones but was mostly reading from the screen. She also had a lot
of bullets on the slides and was too wordy. \",

\"11/11/2019 14:43:30\",5,5,5,5,\"In this presentation i learned the
history of iphones. I learned different generations of iphones and how
with each iteration the iphones were changed. By iphone 4 the phones
became 25% thinner. Apple also started releasing different versions of
the same generations. \",\"The presenter had alot of information on
their slides that were easy to follow and understand, the presenter also
had a video of all the iphones and their progression with specifications
to the current generations of iphones.\",\"The presenter didn\'t do too
much that needed improvement, maybe the presenter should have summarized
the slides more rather than read everything from the slides, so it would
have been easier to understand.\",

\"11/11/2019 14:44:06\",5,5,5,3,\"The release of the iphone 3Gs was the
first iphone to receive an interim update, iphone 4 was the first iphone
to change the physical design. Iphone SE was released because apple
realized some people preferred smaller phones. \",\"Very nostalgic
presentation, as I found myself remembering my first iPhone and mentally
noting the iPhones I have bought over the years. Alot of spec
information on all the different models of iphone throughout the
years.\",\"Didn\'t learn much new information, maybe gearing the
presentation towards an iPhone demonstration on how I could learn to do
something new with my current iPhone. Teach about different features and
nuances that people may not realize their iphone could do. \",

\"11/11/2019 14:44:33\",3,3,3,2,\"I learned a lot about the older
generation of the iPhone. Like the different specs of the older phones
from earlier models. This is very interesting to see iphone\'s
revolutions. I feel that iPhone wasn\'t change much since the earlier
releases. I compare my phone with the early phones that was a big jump
in specs but not a big jump in designs. \",\"She did a lot of research
on each phone models. I can see different display screen size for each
model, rear camera resolution and various sizes of the iPhone, each
battery capacity, different storage and different CPU models. Siri data
is quite interesting topic too. \",\"She should not just read from the
slide, basically zero eye contact with the audience makes the
presentation very boring. This is a big no, also she should make
different comparison between iPhones when she pull up all the iPhone
models. I believe it\'s a great showcase to compare different phones in
term of spec, screen, storage or camera etc. \",

\"11/11/2019 14:44:38\",4,5,2,4,\"I learned about the history of the
Iphones and all the various different phones that were made. It was
interesting to see all of the history of the Iphones bundled together.
Very rarely do you get a complete picture of the timeline of all the
Iphones. \",\"I think the presentation was very informative and factual.
There was a lot of history that was mentioned and we learned a lot. The
presenter definitely did her research, which made the presentation more
interesting.\",\"I think the presentation would be much better if she
didn\'t read directly off the slides. It made the presentation a little
boring, and if she walked around and used various tones, it would help a
lot.\",

\"11/11/2019 14:46:15\",5,5,5,5,\"I knew all the things that she
presents to us. The first generation of iPhone release when I was a
freshman at a university. At that moment it was so expensive in China.
Most of us use Nokia phones at that moment. My first touch screen
smartphone is htc desire. till now I still remember all the generation
of iPhones. \",\"She is well organized for her topic. everything she
said is step by step. and it is also easy for us to understand. It is
not the best tire presentation but an average presentation. And the time
management of her presentation is good. \",\"Her topic is not attractive
to me. I think if she talks about programing it is much better. What she
presented, we can easily find out in 5 mins. Other than that, I can not
tell any more that she did not do so good for her presentation. \",

\"11/11/2019 15:05:27\",5,5,5,5,\"For this presentation, I learn some of
history of iPhone, the first iPhone was released from begin of the smart
Phone was make in the apple company. The iPhone was increase people to
use the iPhone in the future.\",\"For this presentation, presenter show
a lot of information about the first iPhone to the iPhone 11 pro max,
those iPhone was increase and change people life in the future. The
iPhone have increase different color and update the new CPU to increase
performance for iPhone.\",\"For this presentation, Presenter maybe
provide a little more detail about the iPhone to iPhone 11 pro max, and
should give more background image and video for the presentation.
Presenter need get more information about the iPhone to increase people
to use the iPhone.\",

\"11/11/2019 15:50:37\",5,5,5,5,\"The presentation was about the history
of iphone. I learned that the first iphone came out in 2007 and that it
was selling really good when it was released. Also, I learned that the
Iphoen SE came out even after the 6th gen.\",\"The presenter showed good
combination of text and images in the power point. There were many
detail about the history of each Iphone generation along with some
statistic. Also the presenter showed a video which helped explain the
topic.\",\"The presenter was reading the text and power point behind the
speaker desk. I dont know if it is because of the topic. At first,
learning about the history was interesting, but may be because of the
amount of generation iphone has, it get boring after a few
generations.\",

\"11/11/2019 15:56:55\",5,5,4,4,\"Iphone 5s allowed users to scan their
fingerprint to unlock their phone. As the new version of iphone comes
out, the display become larger. Siri save the data for 2 years. And the
storage of iphone upgrade each generation. \",\"She list all generation
of iphone and made comparison. She talked about each generation of
iphone\' s storage, what color it has for each model and the launch date
of each iphone. She spoke clearly and loudly. \",\"She can add more
background of apple and the founder of iphone. Instead of showing the
configuration of the iphone, she also can talk about some news about
iphone and how iphone change the phone marketing.\",

\"11/11/2019 18:53:12\",4,3,3,2,\"In this presentation, I didn\'t really
learn anything too different from my own knowledge on the topic of Apple
iPhones, but it was still very interesting to be refreshed on specific
details pertaining to iPhones.\",\"The presenter had very good energy
and speaking voice which helped make the presentation interesting and
engaging for the audience. The presentaion was also very well organized
and easy to follow and understand.\",\"The presentation could be made
more effective if the presenter not only discussed iPhones but
thoroughly analyzed Apple\'s products, especially in relation and
comparison to their competitors. It would be a very interesting
presentation to learn more about the various models and products of
Apple and how they finalized on the products that we use today.\",

\"11/11/2019 18:53:53\",5,5,3,4,\"The presenter talked about iPhones and
their generations. Talked about the specs and compared generations. The
sales of the first generation quickly reached one million. Specs include
battery, data, camera, screen resolution, RAM, processor, etc. \",\"The
presenter was able to communicate every iPhone generation's
specifications, prices, and any available data on them. The slides
contained a copious amount of information, covering everything that was
spoken about and even more that time constraint wouldn't allow.\",\"The
presenter was perhaps a bit monotone in their talking of the subject.
There was minimal enthusiasm and the information seemed repetitive in a
manner, since a lot of the information is the same just different
numbers. \",

\"11/12/2019 11:54:34\",5,4,4,4,\"I learned that the iPhone 4 was the
first iPhone that was sold by other mobile carriers such as Verizon. I
have also learned that Siri records everything you say to her to Apple
Inc. for data analysis.\",\"Vivian managed to demonstrate the iPhones
from each generation from the year 2007 to the present. She have also
described the modifications that Apple has made throughout the
generations, such as making the iPhones thinner.\",\"During the
presentation when Vivian showed a YouTube video on the twelfth
generation and above of the iPhones, she should attempt to describe each
iPhone shown on the screen rather than remaining silent.\",

\"11/21/2019 11:42:50\",5,5,4,4,\"I probably learned about some iPhones
specifications. Mostly I refreshed my memory about iPhones. Also fun
fact was really interesting. I did not know too that Apple stores and
analyzing my requests to Siri for two years.\",\"I would say that slides
organization and the way she was reading those slides were very nice.
Also the way slides were changing it was interesting. Fun facts were
informative and it worked well too. \",\"I would recommend to Vivian to
present not only specification. Maybe something about how iPhone was
designed, how this design had impact. How people were reacting on the
new design every year. I like Apple products.\",

\"11/18/2019 13:56:03\",4,4,3,3,\"This was the first time I had a
complete understanding of the product development of a technology
company. Apple has tried many times to develop and sell the iPhone. In
the design and development of mobile phones to continue to adapt and
explore new directions.\",\"The presenter used a very detailed
introduction from the initial development of the iPhone to the current
product. This process analysis gives students enough information to
think and analyze the development process of the product. This will help
students understand the design and development ideas of the product, and
give examples to students\' project development.\",\"The presenter
should be prepared for the presentation. Too much detail is not good for
students to read.The presenter should mark every update and change in
the development of the phone in the case.This will make the presentation
more efficient and help students think about the development of the
product.\",

\"11/21/2019 15:22:37\",5,5,5,5,\"I learned about the different types of
iPhones that have been made by Apple over the years. I learned that the
first-ever iphone was released in 2007 and cost \$499. I learnt how much
iphone has changed since the first release. \",\"She had a good depth of
knowledge of iphones. Her use of video to show how the device has
evolved throughout the years was really good. The fun facts she used
were nice. Her depth of knowledge and enthusiasm for iphones came across
really well. \",\"I think her whole presentation came across really
well. She did a presentation on how the iphones have evolved throughout
the years, it was really well put together. I would suggest her pick out
things that really stand out and speak about them more. \",

Timestamp,\"Presentation was well organized\",\"Speaker spoke clearly
and was easy to understand.\",\"Presenter was enthusiastic about the
topic.\",\"I learned something new today\",\"What was something new you
learned from this presentation that you didn\'t know before?\",\"What
worked well for the presentation/presenter?\",\"Suggestions for
improvement. What are some changes would you advise the presenter to
make their presentation more effective?\",\"Additional comments for the
speaker\"

\"11/11/2019 14:40:13\",4,3,2,5,\"I learned about the history of the
iphone. The first iphone pricing and how the display overtime. Learned
about the modern upgrades the iphone has gone over time. Introduction to
the new technology and smaller bezels. \",\"She had a jam pack amount of
data in her presentaion and was well paced. She had clear presentation
that had a clear timeline and history. She included consistent data
deliver with her presentation .

\",\"She can talk to the audience, instead of talking from the slides.
She doesnt sound very interested in the topic. She talk clearer and not
have a monotone voice. She can be more relaxed and sound less like a
robot. \",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 14:43:52\",5,2,1,1,\"I did not learn anything new today.
Since a lot of people including myself follow the releases of the new
iPhones each year, it was something I knew already. She could've went in
depth about the tech behind the iPhones. \",\"The presentation was well
researched and seemed like she spent a lot of time on it. I liked how
she included all what she was talking about on the slides. It allowed me
to easily follow what she was talking about. \",\"I think she spent too
much time on the history of the iPhone. I did not really like the topic.
She should have spent more time on the technology advancements of the
iPhone and how their various technologies work behind the scenes. She
could also say what made each iPhone revolutionary at the time. \",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 15:15:15\",3,2,1,2,\"I sort of relearned a lot of technical
facts about the older iphones but most of the information was facts I
already knew because I used to research all the iphones a lot and
compare them so this presentation had a lot of known information for
me.\",\"Presenter included pictures of all the iphones so you could see
the gradual evolution from iphone to iphone. Also separated them into
generational categories showed how much iphones have evolved over the
years.\",\"Most of the facts about iphones are really technical and not
relevant such as the dimensions and the camera quality over and over
again. Technology naturally improves over time but focusing on the
software features would\'ve been more useful.\",\"Don\'t look at the
screen so much and focus on looking at the audience.\"

\"11/11/2019 14:42:19\",4,5,3,1,\"I didn\'t really learn anything. The
presentation had a lot of information but a lot of it was useless. I
would have liked to see more about the impact iPhones have had on the
technology industry rather than just the specs of each iPhone.\",\"She
did a lot of research on her topic. She talked loudly and clearly so
everybody could hear what she was talking about. Her presentation was
well organized and easy to look at. She had a lot of information on her
topic.\",\"There is way too much text on the slides. Presenters should
talk from knowledge rather than read from the slides. I would have liked
to see more about the impact iPhones have had on the technology industry
rather than just the specs of each iPhone.\",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 14:43:09\",5,5,5,5,\"I learned the history of iPhones. The
first iPhone came out in 2007 and Siri was introduced in 2011 with the
iPhone 4S. I also learned that apparently, Siri records and stores
everything that we say to her for up to 2 years. IPhones were also very
cheap in the first few years compared to now, it's almost 10 times its
price.\",\"

I like that her slides were very organized and were separated by the
different generations of iPhones. She included and compared the some
specs of each generation and explained what was improved with each
generation. She also included a video clip to summarize the newer
generations. I also liked that she included some fun facts about all
iPhone in general, for example apple sold over 1 billion phones.
\",\"Her presentation was very informative about the history and spec of
each generation and included a video at the end of the newer models.
However, I would suggest to explain the newer models because it was hard
to see the all of the information about them.\",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 14:43:28\",4,4,3,4,\"Iphone was released in 2007 ran on
iOS1. Iphone 3G was sold for \$199-\$299. Iphone 5 was the first to use
ultra-fast LTE. Siri data gets stored to apple. \",\"She explained the
difference between the different generations of the iPhone and had
pictures of each. The video was a nice touch but needed volume or for
her to explain more on what was happening. \",\"She seemed to know a lot
about iphones but was mostly reading from the screen. She also had a lot
of bullets on the slides and was too wordy. \",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 14:43:30\",5,5,5,5,\"In this presentation i learned the
history of iphones. I learned different generations of iphones and how
with each iteration the iphones were changed. By iphone 4 the phones
became 25% thinner. Apple also started releasing different versions of
the same generations. \",\"The presenter had alot of information on
their slides that were easy to follow and understand, the presenter also
had a video of all the iphones and their progression with specifications
to the current generations of iphones.\",\"The presenter didn\'t do too
much that needed improvement, maybe the presenter should have summarized
the slides more rather than read everything from the slides, so it would
have been easier to understand.\",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 14:44:06\",5,5,5,3,\"The release of the iphone 3Gs was the
first iphone to receive an interim update, iphone 4 was the first iphone
to change the physical design. Iphone SE was released because apple
realized some people preferred smaller phones. \",\"Very nostalgic
presentation, as I found myself remembering my first iPhone and mentally
noting the iPhones I have bought over the years. Alot of spec
information on all the different models of iphone throughout the
years.\",\"Didn\'t learn much new information, maybe gearing the
presentation towards an iPhone demonstration on how I could learn to do
something new with my current iPhone. Teach about different features and
nuances that people may not realize their iphone could do. \",\"Great
presentation! Lots of Interesting information!\"

\"11/11/2019 14:44:33\",3,3,3,2,\"I learned a lot about the older
generation of the iPhone. Like the different specs of the older phones
from earlier models. This is very interesting to see iphone\'s
revolutions. I feel that iPhone wasn\'t change much since the earlier
releases. I compare my phone with the early phones that was a big jump
in specs but not a big jump in designs. \",\"She did a lot of research
on each phone models. I can see different display screen size for each
model, rear camera resolution and various sizes of the iPhone, each
battery capacity, different storage and different CPU models. Siri data
is quite interesting topic too. \",\"She should not just read from the
slide, basically zero eye contact with the audience makes the
presentation very boring. This is a big no, also she should make
different comparison between iPhones when she pull up all the iPhone
models. I believe it\'s a great showcase to compare different phones in
term of spec, screen, storage or camera etc. \",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 14:44:38\",4,5,2,4,\"I learned about the history of the
Iphones and all the various different phones that were made. It was
interesting to see all of the history of the Iphones bundled together.
Very rarely do you get a complete picture of the timeline of all the
Iphones. \",\"I think the presentation was very informative and factual.
There was a lot of history that was mentioned and we learned a lot. The
presenter definitely did her research, which made the presentation more
interesting.\",\"I think the presentation would be much better if she
didn\'t read directly off the slides. It made the presentation a little
boring, and if she walked around and used various tones, it would help a
lot.\",\"Great job!\"

\"11/11/2019 14:46:15\",5,5,5,5,\"I knew all the things that she
presents to us. The first generation of iPhone release when I was a
freshman at a university. At that moment it was so expensive in China.
Most of us use Nokia phones at that moment. My first touch screen
smartphone is htc desire. till now I still remember all the generation
of iPhones. \",\"She is well organized for her topic. everything she
said is step by step. and it is also easy for us to understand. It is
not the best tire presentation but an average presentation. And the time
management of her presentation is good. \",\"Her topic is not attractive
to me. I think if she talks about programing it is much better. What she
presented, we can easily find out in 5 mins. Other than that, I can not
tell any more that she did not do so good for her presentation. \",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 15:05:27\",5,5,5,5,\"For this presentation, I learn some of
history of iPhone, the first iPhone was released from begin of the smart
Phone was make in the apple company. The iPhone was increase people to
use the iPhone in the future.\",\"For this presentation, presenter show
a lot of information about the first iPhone to the iPhone 11 pro max,
those iPhone was increase and change people life in the future. The
iPhone have increase different color and update the new CPU to increase
performance for iPhone.\",\"For this presentation, Presenter maybe
provide a little more detail about the iPhone to iPhone 11 pro max, and
should give more background image and video for the presentation.
Presenter need get more information about the iPhone to increase people
to use the iPhone.\",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 15:50:37\",5,5,5,5,\"The presentation was about the history
of iphone. I learned that the first iphone came out in 2007 and that it
was selling really good when it was released. Also, I learned that the
Iphoen SE came out even after the 6th gen.\",\"The presenter showed good
combination of text and images in the power point. There were many
detail about the history of each Iphone generation along with some
statistic. Also the presenter showed a video which helped explain the
topic.\",\"The presenter was reading the text and power point behind the
speaker desk. I dont know if it is because of the topic. At first,
learning about the history was interesting, but may be because of the
amount of generation iphone has, it get boring after a few
generations.\",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 15:56:55\",5,5,4,4,\"Iphone 5s allowed users to scan their
fingerprint to unlock their phone. As the new version of iphone comes
out, the display become larger. Siri save the data for 2 years. And the
storage of iphone upgrade each generation. \",\"She list all generation
of iphone and made comparison. She talked about each generation of
iphone\' s storage, what color it has for each model and the launch date
of each iphone. She spoke clearly and loudly. \",\"She can add more
background of apple and the founder of iphone. Instead of showing the
configuration of the iphone, she also can talk about some news about
iphone and how iphone change the phone marketing.\",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 18:53:12\",4,3,3,2,\"In this presentation, I didn\'t really
learn anything too different from my own knowledge on the topic of Apple
iPhones, but it was still very interesting to be refreshed on specific
details pertaining to iPhones.\",\"The presenter had very good energy
and speaking voice which helped make the presentation interesting and
engaging for the audience. The presentaion was also very well organized
and easy to follow and understand.\",\"The presentation could be made
more effective if the presenter not only discussed iPhones but
thoroughly analyzed Apple\'s products, especially in relation and
comparison to their competitors. It would be a very interesting
presentation to learn more about the various models and products of
Apple and how they finalized on the products that we use today.\",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 18:53:53\",5,5,3,4,\"The presenter talked about iPhones and
their generations. Talked about the specs and compared generations. The
sales of the first generation quickly reached one million. Specs include
battery, data, camera, screen resolution, RAM, processor, etc. \",\"The
presenter was able to communicate every iPhone generation's
specifications, prices, and any available data on them. The slides
contained a copious amount of information, covering everything that was
spoken about and even more that time constraint wouldn't allow.\",\"The
presenter was perhaps a bit monotone in their talking of the subject.
There was minimal enthusiasm and the information seemed repetitive in a
manner, since a lot of the information is the same just different
numbers. \",\"\"

\"11/12/2019 11:54:34\",5,4,4,4,\"I learned that the iPhone 4 was the
first iPhone that was sold by other mobile carriers such as Verizon. I
have also learned that Siri records everything you say to her to Apple
Inc. for data analysis.\",\"Vivian managed to demonstrate the iPhones
from each generation from the year 2007 to the present. She have also
described the modifications that Apple has made throughout the
generations, such as making the iPhones thinner.\",\"During the
presentation when Vivian showed a YouTube video on the twelfth
generation and above of the iPhones, she should attempt to describe each
iPhone shown on the screen rather than remaining silent.\",\"\"

\"11/21/2019 11:42:50\",5,5,4,4,\"I probably learned about some iPhones
specifications. Mostly I refreshed my memory about iPhones. Also fun
fact was really interesting. I did not know too that Apple stores and
analyzing my requests to Siri for two years.\",\"I would say that slides
organization and the way she was reading those slides were very nice.
Also the way slides were changing it was interesting. Fun facts were
informative and it worked well too. \",\"I would recommend to Vivian to
present not only specification. Maybe something about how iPhone was
designed, how this design had impact. How people were reacting on the
new design every year. I like Apple products.\",\"\"

\"11/18/2019 13:56:03\",4,4,3,3,\"This was the first time I had a
complete understanding of the product development of a technology
company. Apple has tried many times to develop and sell the iPhone. In
the design and development of mobile phones to continue to adapt and
explore new directions.\",\"The presenter used a very detailed
introduction from the initial development of the iPhone to the current
product. This process analysis gives students enough information to
think and analyze the development process of the product. This will help
students understand the design and development ideas of the product, and
give examples to students\' project development.\",\"The presenter
should be prepared for the presentation. Too much detail is not good for
students to read.The presenter should mark every update and change in
the development of the phone in the case.This will make the presentation
more efficient and help students think about the development of the
product.\",\"\"

\"11/21/2019 15:22:37\",5,5,5,5,\"I learned about the different types of
iPhones that have been made by Apple over the years. I learned that the
first-ever iphone was released in 2007 and cost \$499. I learnt how much
iphone has changed since the first release. \",\"She had a good depth of
knowledge of iphones. Her use of video to show how the device has
evolved throughout the years was really good. The fun facts she used
were nice. Her depth of knowledge and enthusiasm for iphones came across
really well. \",\"I think her whole presentation came across really
well. She did a presentation on how the iphones have evolved throughout
the years, it was really well put together. I would suggest her pick out
things that really stand out and speak about them more. \",\"\"

Timestamp,\"Presentation was well organized\",\"Speaker spoke clearly
and was easy to understand.\",\"Presenter was enthusiastic about the
topic.\",\"I learned something new today\",\"What was something new you
learned from this presentation that you didn\'t know before?\",\"What
worked well for the presentation/presenter?\",\"Suggestions for
improvement. What are some changes would you advise the presenter to
make their presentation more effective?\",\"Additional comments for the
speaker\"

\"11/11/2019 14:40:13\",4,3,2,5,\"I learned about the history of the
iphone. The first iphone pricing and how the display overtime. Learned
about the modern upgrades the iphone has gone over time. Introduction to
the new technology and smaller bezels. \",\"She had a jam pack amount of
data in her presentaion and was well paced. She had clear presentation
that had a clear timeline and history. She included consistent data
deliver with her presentation .

\",\"She can talk to the audience, instead of talking from the slides.
She doesnt sound very interested in the topic. She talk clearer and not
have a monotone voice. She can be more relaxed and sound less like a
robot. \",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 14:43:52\",5,2,1,1,\"I did not learn anything new today.
Since a lot of people including myself follow the releases of the new
iPhones each year, it was something I knew already. She could've went in
depth about the tech behind the iPhones. \",\"The presentation was well
researched and seemed like she spent a lot of time on it. I liked how
she included all what she was talking about on the slides. It allowed me
to easily follow what she was talking about. \",\"I think she spent too
much time on the history of the iPhone. I did not really like the topic.
She should have spent more time on the technology advancements of the
iPhone and how their various technologies work behind the scenes. She
could also say what made each iPhone revolutionary at the time. \",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 15:15:15\",3,2,1,2,\"I sort of relearned a lot of technical
facts about the older iphones but most of the information was facts I
already knew because I used to research all the iphones a lot and
compare them so this presentation had a lot of known information for
me.\",\"Presenter included pictures of all the iphones so you could see
the gradual evolution from iphone to iphone. Also separated them into
generational categories showed how much iphones have evolved over the
years.\",\"Most of the facts about iphones are really technical and not
relevant such as the dimensions and the camera quality over and over
again. Technology naturally improves over time but focusing on the
software features would\'ve been more useful.\",\"Don\'t look at the
screen so much and focus on looking at the audience.\"

\"11/11/2019 14:42:19\",4,5,3,1,\"I didn\'t really learn anything. The
presentation had a lot of information but a lot of it was useless. I
would have liked to see more about the impact iPhones have had on the
technology industry rather than just the specs of each iPhone.\",\"She
did a lot of research on her topic. She talked loudly and clearly so
everybody could hear what she was talking about. Her presentation was
well organized and easy to look at. She had a lot of information on her
topic.\",\"There is way too much text on the slides. Presenters should
talk from knowledge rather than read from the slides. I would have liked
to see more about the impact iPhones have had on the technology industry
rather than just the specs of each iPhone.\",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 14:43:09\",5,5,5,5,\"I learned the history of iPhones. The
first iPhone came out in 2007 and Siri was introduced in 2011 with the
iPhone 4S. I also learned that apparently, Siri records and stores
everything that we say to her for up to 2 years. IPhones were also very
cheap in the first few years compared to now, it's almost 10 times its
price.\",\"

I like that her slides were very organized and were separated by the
different generations of iPhones. She included and compared the some
specs of each generation and explained what was improved with each
generation. She also included a video clip to summarize the newer
generations. I also liked that she included some fun facts about all
iPhone in general, for example apple sold over 1 billion phones.
\",\"Her presentation was very informative about the history and spec of
each generation and included a video at the end of the newer models.
However, I would suggest to explain the newer models because it was hard
to see the all of the information about them.\",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 14:43:28\",4,4,3,4,\"Iphone was released in 2007 ran on
iOS1. Iphone 3G was sold for \$199-\$299. Iphone 5 was the first to use
ultra-fast LTE. Siri data gets stored to apple. \",\"She explained the
difference between the different generations of the iPhone and had
pictures of each. The video was a nice touch but needed volume or for
her to explain more on what was happening. \",\"She seemed to know a lot
about iphones but was mostly reading from the screen. She also had a lot
of bullets on the slides and was too wordy. \",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 14:43:30\",5,5,5,5,\"In this presentation i learned the
history of iphones. I learned different generations of iphones and how
with each iteration the iphones were changed. By iphone 4 the phones
became 25% thinner. Apple also started releasing different versions of
the same generations. \",\"The presenter had alot of information on
their slides that were easy to follow and understand, the presenter also
had a video of all the iphones and their progression with specifications
to the current generations of iphones.\",\"The presenter didn\'t do too
much that needed improvement, maybe the presenter should have summarized
the slides more rather than read everything from the slides, so it would
have been easier to understand.\",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 14:44:06\",5,5,5,3,\"The release of the iphone 3Gs was the
first iphone to receive an interim update, iphone 4 was the first iphone
to change the physical design. Iphone SE was released because apple
realized some people preferred smaller phones. \",\"Very nostalgic
presentation, as I found myself remembering my first iPhone and mentally
noting the iPhones I have bought over the years. Alot of spec
information on all the different models of iphone throughout the
years.\",\"Didn\'t learn much new information, maybe gearing the
presentation towards an iPhone demonstration on how I could learn to do
something new with my current iPhone. Teach about different features and
nuances that people may not realize their iphone could do. \",\"Great
presentation! Lots of Interesting information!\"

\"11/11/2019 14:44:33\",3,3,3,2,\"I learned a lot about the older
generation of the iPhone. Like the different specs of the older phones
from earlier models. This is very interesting to see iphone\'s
revolutions. I feel that iPhone wasn\'t change much since the earlier
releases. I compare my phone with the early phones that was a big jump
in specs but not a big jump in designs. \",\"She did a lot of research
on each phone models. I can see different display screen size for each
model, rear camera resolution and various sizes of the iPhone, each
battery capacity, different storage and different CPU models. Siri data
is quite interesting topic too. \",\"She should not just read from the
slide, basically zero eye contact with the audience makes the
presentation very boring. This is a big no, also she should make
different comparison between iPhones when she pull up all the iPhone
models. I believe it\'s a great showcase to compare different phones in
term of spec, screen, storage or camera etc. \",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 14:44:38\",4,5,2,4,\"I learned about the history of the
Iphones and all the various different phones that were made. It was
interesting to see all of the history of the Iphones bundled together.
Very rarely do you get a complete picture of the timeline of all the
Iphones. \",\"I think the presentation was very informative and factual.
There was a lot of history that was mentioned and we learned a lot. The
presenter definitely did her research, which made the presentation more
interesting.\",\"I think the presentation would be much better if she
didn\'t read directly off the slides. It made the presentation a little
boring, and if she walked around and used various tones, it would help a
lot.\",\"Great job!\"

\"11/11/2019 14:46:15\",5,5,5,5,\"I knew all the things that she
presents to us. The first generation of iPhone release when I was a
freshman at a university. At that moment it was so expensive in China.
Most of us use Nokia phones at that moment. My first touch screen
smartphone is htc desire. till now I still remember all the generation
of iPhones. \",\"She is well organized for her topic. everything she
said is step by step. and it is also easy for us to understand. It is
not the best tire presentation but an average presentation. And the time
management of her presentation is good. \",\"Her topic is not attractive
to me. I think if she talks about programing it is much better. What she
presented, we can easily find out in 5 mins. Other than that, I can not
tell any more that she did not do so good for her presentation. \",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 15:05:27\",5,5,5,5,\"For this presentation, I learn some of
history of iPhone, the first iPhone was released from begin of the smart
Phone was make in the apple company. The iPhone was increase people to
use the iPhone in the future.\",\"For this presentation, presenter show
a lot of information about the first iPhone to the iPhone 11 pro max,
those iPhone was increase and change people life in the future. The
iPhone have increase different color and update the new CPU to increase
performance for iPhone.\",\"For this presentation, Presenter maybe
provide a little more detail about the iPhone to iPhone 11 pro max, and
should give more background image and video for the presentation.
Presenter need get more information about the iPhone to increase people
to use the iPhone.\",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 15:50:37\",5,5,5,5,\"The presentation was about the history
of iphone. I learned that the first iphone came out in 2007 and that it
was selling really good when it was released. Also, I learned that the
Iphoen SE came out even after the 6th gen.\",\"The presenter showed good
combination of text and images in the power point. There were many
detail about the history of each Iphone generation along with some
statistic. Also the presenter showed a video which helped explain the
topic.\",\"The presenter was reading the text and power point behind the
speaker desk. I dont know if it is because of the topic. At first,
learning about the history was interesting, but may be because of the
amount of generation iphone has, it get boring after a few
generations.\",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 15:56:55\",5,5,4,4,\"Iphone 5s allowed users to scan their
fingerprint to unlock their phone. As the new version of iphone comes
out, the display become larger. Siri save the data for 2 years. And the
storage of iphone upgrade each generation. \",\"She list all generation
of iphone and made comparison. She talked about each generation of
iphone\' s storage, what color it has for each model and the launch date
of each iphone. She spoke clearly and loudly. \",\"She can add more
background of apple and the founder of iphone. Instead of showing the
configuration of the iphone, she also can talk about some news about
iphone and how iphone change the phone marketing.\",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 18:53:12\",4,3,3,2,\"In this presentation, I didn\'t really
learn anything too different from my own knowledge on the topic of Apple
iPhones, but it was still very interesting to be refreshed on specific
details pertaining to iPhones.\",\"The presenter had very good energy
and speaking voice which helped make the presentation interesting and
engaging for the audience. The presentaion was also very well organized
and easy to follow and understand.\",\"The presentation could be made
more effective if the presenter not only discussed iPhones but
thoroughly analyzed Apple\'s products, especially in relation and
comparison to their competitors. It would be a very interesting
presentation to learn more about the various models and products of
Apple and how they finalized on the products that we use today.\",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 18:53:53\",5,5,3,4,\"The presenter talked about iPhones and
their generations. Talked about the specs and compared generations. The
sales of the first generation quickly reached one million. Specs include
battery, data, camera, screen resolution, RAM, processor, etc. \",\"The
presenter was able to communicate every iPhone generation's
specifications, prices, and any available data on them. The slides
contained a copious amount of information, covering everything that was
spoken about and even more that time constraint wouldn't allow.\",\"The
presenter was perhaps a bit monotone in their talking of the subject.
There was minimal enthusiasm and the information seemed repetitive in a
manner, since a lot of the information is the same just different
numbers. \",\"\"

\"11/12/2019 11:54:34\",5,4,4,4,\"I learned that the iPhone 4 was the
first iPhone that was sold by other mobile carriers such as Verizon. I
have also learned that Siri records everything you say to her to Apple
Inc. for data analysis.\",\"Vivian managed to demonstrate the iPhones
from each generation from the year 2007 to the present. She have also
described the modifications that Apple has made throughout the
generations, such as making the iPhones thinner.\",\"During the
presentation when Vivian showed a YouTube video on the twelfth
generation and above of the iPhones, she should attempt to describe each
iPhone shown on the screen rather than remaining silent.\",\"\"

\"11/21/2019 11:42:50\",5,5,4,4,\"I probably learned about some iPhones
specifications. Mostly I refreshed my memory about iPhones. Also fun
fact was really interesting. I did not know too that Apple stores and
analyzing my requests to Siri for two years.\",\"I would say that slides
organization and the way she was reading those slides were very nice.
Also the way slides were changing it was interesting. Fun facts were
informative and it worked well too. \",\"I would recommend to Vivian to
present not only specification. Maybe something about how iPhone was
designed, how this design had impact. How people were reacting on the
new design every year. I like Apple products.\",\"\"

\"11/18/2019 13:56:03\",4,4,3,3,\"This was the first time I had a
complete understanding of the product development of a technology
company. Apple has tried many times to develop and sell the iPhone. In
the design and development of mobile phones to continue to adapt and
explore new directions.\",\"The presenter used a very detailed
introduction from the initial development of the iPhone to the current
product. This process analysis gives students enough information to
think and analyze the development process of the product. This will help
students understand the design and development ideas of the product, and
give examples to students\' project development.\",\"The presenter
should be prepared for the presentation. Too much detail is not good for
students to read.The presenter should mark every update and change in
the development of the phone in the case.This will make the presentation
more efficient and help students think about the development of the
product.\",\"\"

\"11/21/2019 15:22:37\",5,5,5,5,\"I learned about the different types of
iPhones that have been made by Apple over the years. I learned that the
first-ever iphone was released in 2007 and cost \$499. I learnt how much
iphone has changed since the first release. \",\"She had a good depth of
knowledge of iphones. Her use of video to show how the device has
evolved throughout the years was really good. The fun facts she used
were nice. Her depth of knowledge and enthusiasm for iphones came across
really well. \",\"I think her whole presentation came across really
well. She did a presentation on how the iphones have evolved throughout
the years, it was really well put together. I would suggest her pick out
things that really stand out and speak about them more. \",\"\"

Timestamp,\"Presentation was well organized\",\"Speaker spoke clearly
and was easy to understand.\",\"Presenter was enthusiastic about the
topic.\",\"I learned something new today\",\"What was something new you
learned from this presentation that you didn\'t know before?\",\"What
worked well for the presentation/presenter?\",\"Suggestions for
improvement. What are some changes would you advise the presenter to
make their presentation more effective?\",\"Additional comments for the
speaker\"

\"11/11/2019 14:40:13\",4,3,2,5,\"I learned about the history of the
iphone. The first iphone pricing and how the display overtime. Learned
about the modern upgrades the iphone has gone over time. Introduction to
the new technology and smaller bezels. \",\"She had a jam pack amount of
data in her presentaion and was well paced. She had clear presentation
that had a clear timeline and history. She included consistent data
deliver with her presentation .

\",\"She can talk to the audience, instead of talking from the slides.
She doesnt sound very interested in the topic. She talk clearer and not
have a monotone voice. She can be more relaxed and sound less like a
robot. \",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 14:43:52\",5,2,1,1,\"I did not learn anything new today.
Since a lot of people including myself follow the releases of the new
iPhones each year, it was something I knew already. She could've went in
depth about the tech behind the iPhones. \",\"The presentation was well
researched and seemed like she spent a lot of time on it. I liked how
she included all what she was talking about on the slides. It allowed me
to easily follow what she was talking about. \",\"I think she spent too
much time on the history of the iPhone. I did not really like the topic.
She should have spent more time on the technology advancements of the
iPhone and how their various technologies work behind the scenes. She
could also say what made each iPhone revolutionary at the time. \",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 15:15:15\",3,2,1,2,\"I sort of relearned a lot of technical
facts about the older iphones but most of the information was facts I
already knew because I used to research all the iphones a lot and
compare them so this presentation had a lot of known information for
me.\",\"Presenter included pictures of all the iphones so you could see
the gradual evolution from iphone to iphone. Also separated them into
generational categories showed how much iphones have evolved over the
years.\",\"Most of the facts about iphones are really technical and not
relevant such as the dimensions and the camera quality over and over
again. Technology naturally improves over time but focusing on the
software features would\'ve been more useful.\",\"Don\'t look at the
screen so much and focus on looking at the audience.\"

\"11/11/2019 14:42:19\",4,5,3,1,\"I didn\'t really learn anything. The
presentation had a lot of information but a lot of it was useless. I
would have liked to see more about the impact iPhones have had on the
technology industry rather than just the specs of each iPhone.\",\"She
did a lot of research on her topic. She talked loudly and clearly so
everybody could hear what she was talking about. Her presentation was
well organized and easy to look at. She had a lot of information on her
topic.\",\"There is way too much text on the slides. Presenters should
talk from knowledge rather than read from the slides. I would have liked
to see more about the impact iPhones have had on the technology industry
rather than just the specs of each iPhone.\",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 14:43:09\",5,5,5,5,\"I learned the history of iPhones. The
first iPhone came out in 2007 and Siri was introduced in 2011 with the
iPhone 4S. I also learned that apparently, Siri records and stores
everything that we say to her for up to 2 years. IPhones were also very
cheap in the first few years compared to now, it's almost 10 times its
price.\",\"

I like that her slides were very organized and were separated by the
different generations of iPhones. She included and compared the some
specs of each generation and explained what was improved with each
generation. She also included a video clip to summarize the newer
generations. I also liked that she included some fun facts about all
iPhone in general, for example apple sold over 1 billion phones.
\",\"Her presentation was very informative about the history and spec of
each generation and included a video at the end of the newer models.
However, I would suggest to explain the newer models because it was hard
to see the all of the information about them.\",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 14:43:28\",4,4,3,4,\"Iphone was released in 2007 ran on
iOS1. Iphone 3G was sold for \$199-\$299. Iphone 5 was the first to use
ultra-fast LTE. Siri data gets stored to apple. \",\"She explained the
difference between the different generations of the iPhone and had
pictures of each. The video was a nice touch but needed volume or for
her to explain more on what was happening. \",\"She seemed to know a lot
about iphones but was mostly reading from the screen. She also had a lot
of bullets on the slides and was too wordy. \",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 14:43:30\",5,5,5,5,\"In this presentation i learned the
history of iphones. I learned different generations of iphones and how
with each iteration the iphones were changed. By iphone 4 the phones
became 25% thinner. Apple also started releasing different versions of
the same generations. \",\"The presenter had alot of information on
their slides that were easy to follow and understand, the presenter also
had a video of all the iphones and their progression with specifications
to the current generations of iphones.\",\"The presenter didn\'t do too
much that needed improvement, maybe the presenter should have summarized
the slides more rather than read everything from the slides, so it would
have been easier to understand.\",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 14:44:06\",5,5,5,3,\"The release of the iphone 3Gs was the
first iphone to receive an interim update, iphone 4 was the first iphone
to change the physical design. Iphone SE was released because apple
realized some people preferred smaller phones. \",\"Very nostalgic
presentation, as I found myself remembering my first iPhone and mentally
noting the iPhones I have bought over the years. Alot of spec
information on all the different models of iphone throughout the
years.\",\"Didn\'t learn much new information, maybe gearing the
presentation towards an iPhone demonstration on how I could learn to do
something new with my current iPhone. Teach about different features and
nuances that people may not realize their iphone could do. \",\"Great
presentation! Lots of Interesting information!\"

\"11/11/2019 14:44:33\",3,3,3,2,\"I learned a lot about the older
generation of the iPhone. Like the different specs of the older phones
from earlier models. This is very interesting to see iphone\'s
revolutions. I feel that iPhone wasn\'t change much since the earlier
releases. I compare my phone with the early phones that was a big jump
in specs but not a big jump in designs. \",\"She did a lot of research
on each phone models. I can see different display screen size for each
model, rear camera resolution and various sizes of the iPhone, each
battery capacity, different storage and different CPU models. Siri data
is quite interesting topic too. \",\"She should not just read from the
slide, basically zero eye contact with the audience makes the
presentation very boring. This is a big no, also she should make
different comparison between iPhones when she pull up all the iPhone
models. I believe it\'s a great showcase to compare different phones in
term of spec, screen, storage or camera etc. \",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 14:44:38\",4,5,2,4,\"I learned about the history of the
Iphones and all the various different phones that were made. It was
interesting to see all of the history of the Iphones bundled together.
Very rarely do you get a complete picture of the timeline of all the
Iphones. \",\"I think the presentation was very informative and factual.
There was a lot of history that was mentioned and we learned a lot. The
presenter definitely did her research, which made the presentation more
interesting.\",\"I think the presentation would be much better if she
didn\'t read directly off the slides. It made the presentation a little
boring, and if she walked around and used various tones, it would help a
lot.\",\"Great job!\"

\"11/11/2019 14:46:15\",5,5,5,5,\"I knew all the things that she
presents to us. The first generation of iPhone release when I was a
freshman at a university. At that moment it was so expensive in China.
Most of us use Nokia phones at that moment. My first touch screen
smartphone is htc desire. till now I still remember all the generation
of iPhones. \",\"She is well organized for her topic. everything she
said is step by step. and it is also easy for us to understand. It is
not the best tire presentation but an average presentation. And the time
management of her presentation is good. \",\"Her topic is not attractive
to me. I think if she talks about programing it is much better. What she
presented, we can easily find out in 5 mins. Other than that, I can not
tell any more that she did not do so good for her presentation. \",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 15:05:27\",5,5,5,5,\"For this presentation, I learn some of
history of iPhone, the first iPhone was released from begin of the smart
Phone was make in the apple company. The iPhone was increase people to
use the iPhone in the future.\",\"For this presentation, presenter show
a lot of information about the first iPhone to the iPhone 11 pro max,
those iPhone was increase and change people life in the future. The
iPhone have increase different color and update the new CPU to increase
performance for iPhone.\",\"For this presentation, Presenter maybe
provide a little more detail about the iPhone to iPhone 11 pro max, and
should give more background image and video for the presentation.
Presenter need get more information about the iPhone to increase people
to use the iPhone.\",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 15:50:37\",5,5,5,5,\"The presentation was about the history
of iphone. I learned that the first iphone came out in 2007 and that it
was selling really good when it was released. Also, I learned that the
Iphoen SE came out even after the 6th gen.\",\"The presenter showed good
combination of text and images in the power point. There were many
detail about the history of each Iphone generation along with some
statistic. Also the presenter showed a video which helped explain the
topic.\",\"The presenter was reading the text and power point behind the
speaker desk. I dont know if it is because of the topic. At first,
learning about the history was interesting, but may be because of the
amount of generation iphone has, it get boring after a few
generations.\",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 15:56:55\",5,5,4,4,\"Iphone 5s allowed users to scan their
fingerprint to unlock their phone. As the new version of iphone comes
out, the display become larger. Siri save the data for 2 years. And the
storage of iphone upgrade each generation. \",\"She list all generation
of iphone and made comparison. She talked about each generation of
iphone\' s storage, what color it has for each model and the launch date
of each iphone. She spoke clearly and loudly. \",\"She can add more
background of apple and the founder of iphone. Instead of showing the
configuration of the iphone, she also can talk about some news about
iphone and how iphone change the phone marketing.\",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 18:53:12\",4,3,3,2,\"In this presentation, I didn\'t really
learn anything too different from my own knowledge on the topic of Apple
iPhones, but it was still very interesting to be refreshed on specific
details pertaining to iPhones.\",\"The presenter had very good energy
and speaking voice which helped make the presentation interesting and
engaging for the audience. The presentaion was also very well organized
and easy to follow and understand.\",\"The presentation could be made
more effective if the presenter not only discussed iPhones but
thoroughly analyzed Apple\'s products, especially in relation and
comparison to their competitors. It would be a very interesting
presentation to learn more about the various models and products of
Apple and how they finalized on the products that we use today.\",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 18:53:53\",5,5,3,4,\"The presenter talked about iPhones and
their generations. Talked about the specs and compared generations. The
sales of the first generation quickly reached one million. Specs include
battery, data, camera, screen resolution, RAM, processor, etc. \",\"The
presenter was able to communicate every iPhone generation's
specifications, prices, and any available data on them. The slides
contained a copious amount of information, covering everything that was
spoken about and even more that time constraint wouldn't allow.\",\"The
presenter was perhaps a bit monotone in their talking of the subject.
There was minimal enthusiasm and the information seemed repetitive in a
manner, since a lot of the information is the same just different
numbers. \",\"\"

\"11/12/2019 11:54:34\",5,4,4,4,\"I learned that the iPhone 4 was the
first iPhone that was sold by other mobile carriers such as Verizon. I
have also learned that Siri records everything you say to her to Apple
Inc. for data analysis.\",\"Vivian managed to demonstrate the iPhones
from each generation from the year 2007 to the present. She have also
described the modifications that Apple has made throughout the
generations, such as making the iPhones thinner.\",\"During the
presentation when Vivian showed a YouTube video on the twelfth
generation and above of the iPhones, she should attempt to describe each
iPhone shown on the screen rather than remaining silent.\",\"\"

\"11/21/2019 11:42:50\",5,5,4,4,\"I probably learned about some iPhones
specifications. Mostly I refreshed my memory about iPhones. Also fun
fact was really interesting. I did not know too that Apple stores and
analyzing my requests to Siri for two years.\",\"I would say that slides
organization and the way she was reading those slides were very nice.
Also the way slides were changing it was interesting. Fun facts were
informative and it worked well too. \",\"I would recommend to Vivian to
present not only specification. Maybe something about how iPhone was
designed, how this design had impact. How people were reacting on the
new design every year. I like Apple products.\",\"\"

\"11/18/2019 13:56:03\",4,4,3,3,\"This was the first time I had a
complete understanding of the product development of a technology
company. Apple has tried many times to develop and sell the iPhone. In
the design and development of mobile phones to continue to adapt and
explore new directions.\",\"The presenter used a very detailed
introduction from the initial development of the iPhone to the current
product. This process analysis gives students enough information to
think and analyze the development process of the product. This will help
students understand the design and development ideas of the product, and
give examples to students\' project development.\",\"The presenter
should be prepared for the presentation. Too much detail is not good for
students to read.The presenter should mark every update and change in
the development of the phone in the case.This will make the presentation
more efficient and help students think about the development of the
product.\",\"\"

\"11/21/2019 15:22:37\",5,5,5,5,\"I learned about the different types of
iPhones that have been made by Apple over the years. I learned that the
first-ever iphone was released in 2007 and cost \$499. I learnt how much
iphone has changed since the first release. \",\"She had a good depth of
knowledge of iphones. Her use of video to show how the device has
evolved throughout the years was really good. The fun facts she used
were nice. Her depth of knowledge and enthusiasm for iphones came across
really well. \",\"I think her whole presentation came across really
well. She did a presentation on how the iphones have evolved throughout
the years, it was really well put together. I would suggest her pick out
things that really stand out and speak about them more. \",\"\"

Timestamp,\"Presentation was well organized\",\"Speaker spoke clearly
and was easy to understand.\",\"Presenter was enthusiastic about the
topic.\",\"I learned something new today\",\"What was something new you
learned from this presentation that you didn\'t know before?\",\"What
worked well for the presentation/presenter?\",\"Suggestions for
improvement. What are some changes would you advise the presenter to
make their presentation more effective?\",\"Additional comments for the
speaker\"

\"11/11/2019 14:40:13\",4,3,2,5,\"I learned about the history of the
iphone. The first iphone pricing and how the display overtime. Learned
about the modern upgrades the iphone has gone over time. Introduction to
the new technology and smaller bezels. \",\"She had a jam pack amount of
data in her presentaion and was well paced. She had clear presentation
that had a clear timeline and history. She included consistent data
deliver with her presentation .

\",\"She can talk to the audience, instead of talking from the slides.
She doesnt sound very interested in the topic. She talk clearer and not
have a monotone voice. She can be more relaxed and sound less like a
robot. \",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 14:43:52\",5,2,1,1,\"I did not learn anything new today.
Since a lot of people including myself follow the releases of the new
iPhones each year, it was something I knew already. She could've went in
depth about the tech behind the iPhones. \",\"The presentation was well
researched and seemed like she spent a lot of time on it. I liked how
she included all what she was talking about on the slides. It allowed me
to easily follow what she was talking about. \",\"I think she spent too
much time on the history of the iPhone. I did not really like the topic.
She should have spent more time on the technology advancements of the
iPhone and how their various technologies work behind the scenes. She
could also say what made each iPhone revolutionary at the time. \",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 15:15:15\",3,2,1,2,\"I sort of relearned a lot of technical
facts about the older iphones but most of the information was facts I
already knew because I used to research all the iphones a lot and
compare them so this presentation had a lot of known information for
me.\",\"Presenter included pictures of all the iphones so you could see
the gradual evolution from iphone to iphone. Also separated them into
generational categories showed how much iphones have evolved over the
years.\",\"Most of the facts about iphones are really technical and not
relevant such as the dimensions and the camera quality over and over
again. Technology naturally improves over time but focusing on the
software features would\'ve been more useful.\",\"Don\'t look at the
screen so much and focus on looking at the audience.\"

\"11/11/2019 14:42:19\",4,5,3,1,\"I didn\'t really learn anything. The
presentation had a lot of information but a lot of it was useless. I
would have liked to see more about the impact iPhones have had on the
technology industry rather than just the specs of each iPhone.\",\"She
did a lot of research on her topic. She talked loudly and clearly so
everybody could hear what she was talking about. Her presentation was
well organized and easy to look at. She had a lot of information on her
topic.\",\"There is way too much text on the slides. Presenters should
talk from knowledge rather than read from the slides. I would have liked
to see more about the impact iPhones have had on the technology industry
rather than just the specs of each iPhone.\",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 14:43:09\",5,5,5,5,\"I learned the history of iPhones. The
first iPhone came out in 2007 and Siri was introduced in 2011 with the
iPhone 4S. I also learned that apparently, Siri records and stores
everything that we say to her for up to 2 years. IPhones were also very
cheap in the first few years compared to now, it's almost 10 times its
price.\",\"

I like that her slides were very organized and were separated by the
different generations of iPhones. She included and compared the some
specs of each generation and explained what was improved with each
generation. She also included a video clip to summarize the newer
generations. I also liked that she included some fun facts about all
iPhone in general, for example apple sold over 1 billion phones.
\",\"Her presentation was very informative about the history and spec of
each generation and included a video at the end of the newer models.
However, I would suggest to explain the newer models because it was hard
to see the all of the information about them.\",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 14:43:28\",4,4,3,4,\"Iphone was released in 2007 ran on
iOS1. Iphone 3G was sold for \$199-\$299. Iphone 5 was the first to use
ultra-fast LTE. Siri data gets stored to apple. \",\"She explained the
difference between the different generations of the iPhone and had
pictures of each. The video was a nice touch but needed volume or for
her to explain more on what was happening. \",\"She seemed to know a lot
about iphones but was mostly reading from the screen. She also had a lot
of bullets on the slides and was too wordy. \",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 14:43:30\",5,5,5,5,\"In this presentation i learned the
history of iphones. I learned different generations of iphones and how
with each iteration the iphones were changed. By iphone 4 the phones
became 25% thinner. Apple also started releasing different versions of
the same generations. \",\"The presenter had alot of information on
their slides that were easy to follow and understand, the presenter also
had a video of all the iphones and their progression with specifications
to the current generations of iphones.\",\"The presenter didn\'t do too
much that needed improvement, maybe the presenter should have summarized
the slides more rather than read everything from the slides, so it would
have been easier to understand.\",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 14:44:06\",5,5,5,3,\"The release of the iphone 3Gs was the
first iphone to receive an interim update, iphone 4 was the first iphone
to change the physical design. Iphone SE was released because apple
realized some people preferred smaller phones. \",\"Very nostalgic
presentation, as I found myself remembering my first iPhone and mentally
noting the iPhones I have bought over the years. Alot of spec
information on all the different models of iphone throughout the
years.\",\"Didn\'t learn much new information, maybe gearing the
presentation towards an iPhone demonstration on how I could learn to do
something new with my current iPhone. Teach about different features and
nuances that people may not realize their iphone could do. \",\"Great
presentation! Lots of Interesting information!\"

\"11/11/2019 14:44:33\",3,3,3,2,\"I learned a lot about the older
generation of the iPhone. Like the different specs of the older phones
from earlier models. This is very interesting to see iphone\'s
revolutions. I feel that iPhone wasn\'t change much since the earlier
releases. I compare my phone with the early phones that was a big jump
in specs but not a big jump in designs. \",\"She did a lot of research
on each phone models. I can see different display screen size for each
model, rear camera resolution and various sizes of the iPhone, each
battery capacity, different storage and different CPU models. Siri data
is quite interesting topic too. \",\"She should not just read from the
slide, basically zero eye contact with the audience makes the
presentation very boring. This is a big no, also she should make
different comparison between iPhones when she pull up all the iPhone
models. I believe it\'s a great showcase to compare different phones in
term of spec, screen, storage or camera etc. \",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 14:44:38\",4,5,2,4,\"I learned about the history of the
Iphones and all the various different phones that were made. It was
interesting to see all of the history of the Iphones bundled together.
Very rarely do you get a complete picture of the timeline of all the
Iphones. \",\"I think the presentation was very informative and factual.
There was a lot of history that was mentioned and we learned a lot. The
presenter definitely did her research, which made the presentation more
interesting.\",\"I think the presentation would be much better if she
didn\'t read directly off the slides. It made the presentation a little
boring, and if she walked around and used various tones, it would help a
lot.\",\"Great job!\"

\"11/11/2019 14:46:15\",5,5,5,5,\"I knew all the things that she
presents to us. The first generation of iPhone release when I was a
freshman at a university. At that moment it was so expensive in China.
Most of us use Nokia phones at that moment. My first touch screen
smartphone is htc desire. till now I still remember all the generation
of iPhones. \",\"She is well organized for her topic. everything she
said is step by step. and it is also easy for us to understand. It is
not the best tire presentation but an average presentation. And the time
management of her presentation is good. \",\"Her topic is not attractive
to me. I think if she talks about programing it is much better. What she
presented, we can easily find out in 5 mins. Other than that, I can not
tell any more that she did not do so good for her presentation. \",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 15:05:27\",5,5,5,5,\"For this presentation, I learn some of
history of iPhone, the first iPhone was released from begin of the smart
Phone was make in the apple company. The iPhone was increase people to
use the iPhone in the future.\",\"For this presentation, presenter show
a lot of information about the first iPhone to the iPhone 11 pro max,
those iPhone was increase and change people life in the future. The
iPhone have increase different color and update the new CPU to increase
performance for iPhone.\",\"For this presentation, Presenter maybe
provide a little more detail about the iPhone to iPhone 11 pro max, and
should give more background image and video for the presentation.
Presenter need get more information about the iPhone to increase people
to use the iPhone.\",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 15:50:37\",5,5,5,5,\"The presentation was about the history
of iphone. I learned that the first iphone came out in 2007 and that it
was selling really good when it was released. Also, I learned that the
Iphoen SE came out even after the 6th gen.\",\"The presenter showed good
combination of text and images in the power point. There were many
detail about the history of each Iphone generation along with some
statistic. Also the presenter showed a video which helped explain the
topic.\",\"The presenter was reading the text and power point behind the
speaker desk. I dont know if it is because of the topic. At first,
learning about the history was interesting, but may be because of the
amount of generation iphone has, it get boring after a few
generations.\",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 15:56:55\",5,5,4,4,\"Iphone 5s allowed users to scan their
fingerprint to unlock their phone. As the new version of iphone comes
out, the display become larger. Siri save the data for 2 years. And the
storage of iphone upgrade each generation. \",\"She list all generation
of iphone and made comparison. She talked about each generation of
iphone\' s storage, what color it has for each model and the launch date
of each iphone. She spoke clearly and loudly. \",\"She can add more
background of apple and the founder of iphone. Instead of showing the
configuration of the iphone, she also can talk about some news about
iphone and how iphone change the phone marketing.\",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 18:53:12\",4,3,3,2,\"In this presentation, I didn\'t really
learn anything too different from my own knowledge on the topic of Apple
iPhones, but it was still very interesting to be refreshed on specific
details pertaining to iPhones.\",\"The presenter had very good energy
and speaking voice which helped make the presentation interesting and
engaging for the audience. The presentaion was also very well organized
and easy to follow and understand.\",\"The presentation could be made
more effective if the presenter not only discussed iPhones but
thoroughly analyzed Apple\'s products, especially in relation and
comparison to their competitors. It would be a very interesting
presentation to learn more about the various models and products of
Apple and how they finalized on the products that we use today.\",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 18:53:53\",5,5,3,4,\"The presenter talked about iPhones and
their generations. Talked about the specs and compared generations. The
sales of the first generation quickly reached one million. Specs include
battery, data, camera, screen resolution, RAM, processor, etc. \",\"The
presenter was able to communicate every iPhone generation's
specifications, prices, and any available data on them. The slides
contained a copious amount of information, covering everything that was
spoken about and even more that time constraint wouldn't allow.\",\"The
presenter was perhaps a bit monotone in their talking of the subject.
There was minimal enthusiasm and the information seemed repetitive in a
manner, since a lot of the information is the same just different
numbers. \",\"\"

\"11/12/2019 11:54:34\",5,4,4,4,\"I learned that the iPhone 4 was the
first iPhone that was sold by other mobile carriers such as Verizon. I
have also learned that Siri records everything you say to her to Apple
Inc. for data analysis.\",\"Vivian managed to demonstrate the iPhones
from each generation from the year 2007 to the present. She have also
described the modifications that Apple has made throughout the
generations, such as making the iPhones thinner.\",\"During the
presentation when Vivian showed a YouTube video on the twelfth
generation and above of the iPhones, she should attempt to describe each
iPhone shown on the screen rather than remaining silent.\",\"\"

\"11/21/2019 11:42:50\",5,5,4,4,\"I probably learned about some iPhones
specifications. Mostly I refreshed my memory about iPhones. Also fun
fact was really interesting. I did not know too that Apple stores and
analyzing my requests to Siri for two years.\",\"I would say that slides
organization and the way she was reading those slides were very nice.
Also the way slides were changing it was interesting. Fun facts were
informative and it worked well too. \",\"I would recommend to Vivian to
present not only specification. Maybe something about how iPhone was
designed, how this design had impact. How people were reacting on the
new design every year. I like Apple products.\",\"\"

\"11/18/2019 13:56:03\",4,4,3,3,\"This was the first time I had a
complete understanding of the product development of a technology
company. Apple has tried many times to develop and sell the iPhone. In
the design and development of mobile phones to continue to adapt and
explore new directions.\",\"The presenter used a very detailed
introduction from the initial development of the iPhone to the current
product. This process analysis gives students enough information to
think and analyze the development process of the product. This will help
students understand the design and development ideas of the product, and
give examples to students\' project development.\",\"The presenter
should be prepared for the presentation. Too much detail is not good for
students to read.The presenter should mark every update and change in
the development of the phone in the case.This will make the presentation
more efficient and help students think about the development of the
product.\",\"\"

\"11/21/2019 15:22:37\",5,5,5,5,\"I learned about the different types of
iPhones that have been made by Apple over the years. I learned that the
first-ever iphone was released in 2007 and cost \$499. I learnt how much
iphone has changed since the first release. \",\"She had a good depth of
knowledge of iphones. Her use of video to show how the device has
evolved throughout the years was really good. The fun facts she used
were nice. Her depth of knowledge and enthusiasm for iphones came across
really well. \",\"I think her whole presentation came across really
well. She did a presentation on how the iphones have evolved throughout
the years, it was really well put together. I would suggest her pick out
things that really stand out and speak about them more. \",\"\"

Timestamp,\"Presentation was well organized\",\"Speaker spoke clearly
and was easy to understand.\",\"Presenter was enthusiastic about the
topic.\",\"I learned something new today\",\"What was something new you
learned from this presentation that you didn\'t know before?\",\"What
worked well for the presentation/presenter?\",\"Suggestions for
improvement. What are some changes would you advise the presenter to
make their presentation more effective?\",\"Additional comments for the
speaker\"

\"11/11/2019 14:40:13\",4,3,2,5,\"I learned about the history of the
iphone. The first iphone pricing and how the display overtime. Learned
about the modern upgrades the iphone has gone over time. Introduction to
the new technology and smaller bezels. \",\"She had a jam pack amount of
data in her presentaion and was well paced. She had clear presentation
that had a clear timeline and history. She included consistent data
deliver with her presentation .

\",\"She can talk to the audience, instead of talking from the slides.
She doesnt sound very interested in the topic. She talk clearer and not
have a monotone voice. She can be more relaxed and sound less like a
robot. \",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 14:43:52\",5,2,1,1,\"I did not learn anything new today.
Since a lot of people including myself follow the releases of the new
iPhones each year, it was something I knew already. She could've went in
depth about the tech behind the iPhones. \",\"The presentation was well
researched and seemed like she spent a lot of time on it. I liked how
she included all what she was talking about on the slides. It allowed me
to easily follow what she was talking about. \",\"I think she spent too
much time on the history of the iPhone. I did not really like the topic.
She should have spent more time on the technology advancements of the
iPhone and how their various technologies work behind the scenes. She
could also say what made each iPhone revolutionary at the time. \",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 15:15:15\",3,2,1,2,\"I sort of relearned a lot of technical
facts about the older iphones but most of the information was facts I
already knew because I used to research all the iphones a lot and
compare them so this presentation had a lot of known information for
me.\",\"Presenter included pictures of all the iphones so you could see
the gradual evolution from iphone to iphone. Also separated them into
generational categories showed how much iphones have evolved over the
years.\",\"Most of the facts about iphones are really technical and not
relevant such as the dimensions and the camera quality over and over
again. Technology naturally improves over time but focusing on the
software features would\'ve been more useful.\",\"Don\'t look at the
screen so much and focus on looking at the audience.\"

\"11/11/2019 14:42:19\",4,5,3,1,\"I didn\'t really learn anything. The
presentation had a lot of information but a lot of it was useless. I
would have liked to see more about the impact iPhones have had on the
technology industry rather than just the specs of each iPhone.\",\"She
did a lot of research on her topic. She talked loudly and clearly so
everybody could hear what she was talking about. Her presentation was
well organized and easy to look at. She had a lot of information on her
topic.\",\"There is way too much text on the slides. Presenters should
talk from knowledge rather than read from the slides. I would have liked
to see more about the impact iPhones have had on the technology industry
rather than just the specs of each iPhone.\",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 14:43:09\",5,5,5,5,\"I learned the history of iPhones. The
first iPhone came out in 2007 and Siri was introduced in 2011 with the
iPhone 4S. I also learned that apparently, Siri records and stores
everything that we say to her for up to 2 years. IPhones were also very
cheap in the first few years compared to now, it's almost 10 times its
price.\",\"

I like that her slides were very organized and were separated by the
different generations of iPhones. She included and compared the some
specs of each generation and explained what was improved with each
generation. She also included a video clip to summarize the newer
generations. I also liked that she included some fun facts about all
iPhone in general, for example apple sold over 1 billion phones.
\",\"Her presentation was very informative about the history and spec of
each generation and included a video at the end of the newer models.
However, I would suggest to explain the newer models because it was hard
to see the all of the information about them.\",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 14:43:28\",4,4,3,4,\"Iphone was released in 2007 ran on
iOS1. Iphone 3G was sold for \$199-\$299. Iphone 5 was the first to use
ultra-fast LTE. Siri data gets stored to apple. \",\"She explained the
difference between the different generations of the iPhone and had
pictures of each. The video was a nice touch but needed volume or for
her to explain more on what was happening. \",\"She seemed to know a lot
about iphones but was mostly reading from the screen. She also had a lot
of bullets on the slides and was too wordy. \",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 14:43:30\",5,5,5,5,\"In this presentation i learned the
history of iphones. I learned different generations of iphones and how
with each iteration the iphones were changed. By iphone 4 the phones
became 25% thinner. Apple also started releasing different versions of
the same generations. \",\"The presenter had alot of information on
their slides that were easy to follow and understand, the presenter also
had a video of all the iphones and their progression with specifications
to the current generations of iphones.\",\"The presenter didn\'t do too
much that needed improvement, maybe the presenter should have summarized
the slides more rather than read everything from the slides, so it would
have been easier to understand.\",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 14:44:06\",5,5,5,3,\"The release of the iphone 3Gs was the
first iphone to receive an interim update, iphone 4 was the first iphone
to change the physical design. Iphone SE was released because apple
realized some people preferred smaller phones. \",\"Very nostalgic
presentation, as I found myself remembering my first iPhone and mentally
noting the iPhones I have bought over the years. Alot of spec
information on all the different models of iphone throughout the
years.\",\"Didn\'t learn much new information, maybe gearing the
presentation towards an iPhone demonstration on how I could learn to do
something new with my current iPhone. Teach about different features and
nuances that people may not realize their iphone could do. \",\"Great
presentation! Lots of Interesting information!\"

\"11/11/2019 14:44:33\",3,3,3,2,\"I learned a lot about the older
generation of the iPhone. Like the different specs of the older phones
from earlier models. This is very interesting to see iphone\'s
revolutions. I feel that iPhone wasn\'t change much since the earlier
releases. I compare my phone with the early phones that was a big jump
in specs but not a big jump in designs. \",\"She did a lot of research
on each phone models. I can see different display screen size for each
model, rear camera resolution and various sizes of the iPhone, each
battery capacity, different storage and different CPU models. Siri data
is quite interesting topic too. \",\"She should not just read from the
slide, basically zero eye contact with the audience makes the
presentation very boring. This is a big no, also she should make
different comparison between iPhones when she pull up all the iPhone
models. I believe it\'s a great showcase to compare different phones in
term of spec, screen, storage or camera etc. \",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 14:44:38\",4,5,2,4,\"I learned about the history of the
Iphones and all the various different phones that were made. It was
interesting to see all of the history of the Iphones bundled together.
Very rarely do you get a complete picture of the timeline of all the
Iphones. \",\"I think the presentation was very informative and factual.
There was a lot of history that was mentioned and we learned a lot. The
presenter definitely did her research, which made the presentation more
interesting.\",\"I think the presentation would be much better if she
didn\'t read directly off the slides. It made the presentation a little
boring, and if she walked around and used various tones, it would help a
lot.\",\"Great job!\"

\"11/11/2019 14:46:15\",5,5,5,5,\"I knew all the things that she
presents to us. The first generation of iPhone release when I was a
freshman at a university. At that moment it was so expensive in China.
Most of us use Nokia phones at that moment. My first touch screen
smartphone is htc desire. till now I still remember all the generation
of iPhones. \",\"She is well organized for her topic. everything she
said is step by step. and it is also easy for us to understand. It is
not the best tire presentation but an average presentation. And the time
management of her presentation is good. \",\"Her topic is not attractive
to me. I think if she talks about programing it is much better. What she
presented, we can easily find out in 5 mins. Other than that, I can not
tell any more that she did not do so good for her presentation. \",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 15:05:27\",5,5,5,5,\"For this presentation, I learn some of
history of iPhone, the first iPhone was released from begin of the smart
Phone was make in the apple company. The iPhone was increase people to
use the iPhone in the future.\",\"For this presentation, presenter show
a lot of information about the first iPhone to the iPhone 11 pro max,
those iPhone was increase and change people life in the future. The
iPhone have increase different color and update the new CPU to increase
performance for iPhone.\",\"For this presentation, Presenter maybe
provide a little more detail about the iPhone to iPhone 11 pro max, and
should give more background image and video for the presentation.
Presenter need get more information about the iPhone to increase people
to use the iPhone.\",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 15:50:37\",5,5,5,5,\"The presentation was about the history
of iphone. I learned that the first iphone came out in 2007 and that it
was selling really good when it was released. Also, I learned that the
Iphoen SE came out even after the 6th gen.\",\"The presenter showed good
combination of text and images in the power point. There were many
detail about the history of each Iphone generation along with some
statistic. Also the presenter showed a video which helped explain the
topic.\",\"The presenter was reading the text and power point behind the
speaker desk. I dont know if it is because of the topic. At first,
learning about the history was interesting, but may be because of the
amount of generation iphone has, it get boring after a few
generations.\",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 15:56:55\",5,5,4,4,\"Iphone 5s allowed users to scan their
fingerprint to unlock their phone. As the new version of iphone comes
out, the display become larger. Siri save the data for 2 years. And the
storage of iphone upgrade each generation. \",\"She list all generation
of iphone and made comparison. She talked about each generation of
iphone\' s storage, what color it has for each model and the launch date
of each iphone. She spoke clearly and loudly. \",\"She can add more
background of apple and the founder of iphone. Instead of showing the
configuration of the iphone, she also can talk about some news about
iphone and how iphone change the phone marketing.\",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 18:53:12\",4,3,3,2,\"In this presentation, I didn\'t really
learn anything too different from my own knowledge on the topic of Apple
iPhones, but it was still very interesting to be refreshed on specific
details pertaining to iPhones.\",\"The presenter had very good energy
and speaking voice which helped make the presentation interesting and
engaging for the audience. The presentaion was also very well organized
and easy to follow and understand.\",\"The presentation could be made
more effective if the presenter not only discussed iPhones but
thoroughly analyzed Apple\'s products, especially in relation and
comparison to their competitors. It would be a very interesting
presentation to learn more about the various models and products of
Apple and how they finalized on the products that we use today.\",\"\"

\"11/11/2019 18:53:53\",5,5,3,4,\"The presenter talked about iPhones and
their generations. Talked about the specs and compared generations. The
sales of the first generation quickly reached one million. Specs include
battery, data, camera, screen resolution, RAM, processor, etc. \",\"The
presenter was able to communicate every iPhone generation's
specifications, prices, and any available data on them. The slides
contained a copious amount of information, covering everything that was
spoken about and even more that time constraint wouldn't allow.\",\"The
presenter was perhaps a bit monotone in their talking of the subject.
There was minimal enthusiasm and the information seemed repetitive in a
manner, since a lot of the information is the same just different
numbers. \",\"\"

\"11/12/2019 11:54:34\",5,4,4,4,\"I learned that the iPhone 4 was the
first iPhone that was sold by other mobile carriers such as Verizon. I
have also learned that Siri records everything you say to her to Apple
Inc. for data analysis.\",\"Vivian managed to demonstrate the iPhones
from each generation from the year 2007 to the present. She have also
described the modifications that Apple has made throughout the
generations, such as making the iPhones thinner.\",\"During the
presentation when Vivian showed a YouTube video on the twelfth
generation and above of the iPhones, she should attempt to describe each
iPhone shown on the screen rather than remaining silent.\",\"\"

\"11/21/2019 11:42:50\",5,5,4,4,\"I probably learned about some iPhones
specifications. Mostly I refreshed my memory about iPhones. Also fun
fact was really interesting. I did not know too that Apple stores and
analyzing my requests to Siri for two years.\",\"I would say that slides
organization and the way she was reading those slides were very nice.
Also the way slides were changing it was interesting. Fun facts were
informative and it worked well too. \",\"I would recommend to Vivian to
present not only specification. Maybe something about how iPhone was
designed, how this design had impact. How people were reacting on the
new design every year. I like Apple products.\",\"\"

\"11/18/2019 13:56:03\",4,4,3,3,\"This was the first time I had a
complete understanding of the product development of a technology
company. Apple has tried many times to develop and sell the iPhone. In
the design and development of mobile phones to continue to adapt and
explore new directions.\",\"The presenter used a very detailed
introduction from the initial development of the iPhone to the current
product. This process analysis gives students enough information to
think and analyze the development process of the product. This will help
students understand the design and development ideas of the product, and
give examples to students\' project development.\",\"The presenter
should be prepared for the presentation. Too much detail is not good for
students to read.The presenter should mark every update and change in
the development of the phone in the case.This will make the presentation
more efficient and help students think about the development of the
product.\",\"\"

\"11/21/2019 15:22:37\",5,5,5,5,\"I learned about the different types of
iPhones that have been made by Apple over the years. I learned that the
first-ever iphone was released in 2007 and cost \$499. I learnt how much
iphone has changed since the first release. \",\"She had a good depth of
knowledge of iphones. Her use of video to show how the device has
evolved throughout the years was really good. The fun facts she used
were nice. Her depth of knowledge and enthusiasm for iphones came across
really well. \",\"I think her whole presentation came across really
well. She did a presentation on how the iphones have evolved throughout
the years, it was really well put together. I would suggest her pick out
things that really stand out and speak about them more. \",\"\"

sqlite\> SELECT avg(Presentation\_was\_well\_oragnized) FROM
EVALUATIONS;

4.28571428571429

sqlite\> SELECT avg(Presenter\_was\_enthusiastic\_about\_the\_topic)
FROM EVALUATIONS;

3.38095238095238

sqlite\> SELECT
avg(Speaker\_spoke\_clearly\_and\_was\_easy\_to\_understand) FROM
EVALUATIONS;

4.04761904761905

sqlite\> SELECT min(Presentation\_was\_well\_oragnized) FROM
EVALUATIONS;

3

sqlite\> SELECT min(Presenter\_was\_enthusiastic\_about\_the\_topic)
FROM EVALUATIONS;

1

sqlite\> SELECT
min(Speaker\_spoke\_clearly\_and\_was\_easy\_to\_understand) FROM
EVALUATIONS;

2

sqlite\> SELECT
max(Speaker\_spoke\_clearly\_and\_was\_easy\_to\_understand) FROM
EVALUATIONS;

5

sqlite\> SELECT max(Presenter\_was\_enthusiastic\_about\_the\_topic)
FROM EVALUATIONS;

5

sqlite\> SELECT max(Presentation\_was\_well\_oragnized) FROM
EVALUATIONS;

5
